Document CLI, Ansible, and API for registering a host (#3329)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_registering-a-host.adoc

. Click *Generate*.
. Copy the generated `curl` command.
. On the host that you want to register, run the `curl` command as `root`.

.CLI procedure

. Use the `hammer host-registration generate-command` to generate the `curl` command to register the host.
. On the host that you want to register, run the `curl` command as `root`.

> For more information, enter the `hammer host-registration generate-command --help` command.

Reviewer: Could this be
```suggestion
For more information, see the CLI help with `hammer host-registration generate-command --help`.
```
(or "with the `…` command")?

Reviewer: (What I dislike is "enter command" without telling what the command will do -- even if it's rather obvious from the `--help` part)

.Ansible procedure

* Use the `{ansible-namespace}.registration_command` module.

> For more information, enter the `ansible-doc {ansible-namespace}.registration_command` command.

Reviewer: As above
```suggestion
For more information, see the Ansible Module documentation with `ansible-doc {ansible-namespace}.registration_command`.
```

.API procedure

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

* Use the `POST /api/registration_commands` resource.

> For more information, see the full API reference at `\https://{foreman-example-com}/apidoc/v2.html`.

Reviewer: You could also link directly to the registration command help, if you wanted to:
```suggestion
For more information, see the API reference at `\https://{foreman-example-com}/apidoc/v2/registration_commands/create.html`.
```

Author: I think I'd prefer to stick with the generic link. If there is a procedure that would require us to list multiple API resources, we wouldn't want to have a link for each one.
